Tr/update docs folderstructure (#801)
CliMA/ClimaLand.jl: docs/src/folderstructure.md

# ClimaLand folder structure

[ClimaLand](https://github.com/CliMA/ClimaLand.jl) home directory has 6 main folders:

- docs: contains files to generate [the documentation website](clima.github.io/ClimaLand.jl/).

> - experiments: contains simple runs of `ClimaLand` models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- experiments: contains simple runs of `ClimaLand` models. Most of these experiments is run as part of our CI.
```

- src: contains the code of `ClimaLand` models.

> - ext: contains a package extension for Nueral Snow and an extension with constructors for model paramaters

Reviewer 2: some typo here: Neural snow, parameters

> - ext: contains a package extension for Nueral Snow and an extension with constructors for model paramaters

Author: ```suggestion
- ext: contains a package extension for Neural Snow and an extension with constructors for model parameters
```

- lib: contains two packages that extend ClimaLand functionality: ClimaLandSimulations and ClimaLandDashboards
- test: contains [unit tests](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_testing), which are meant to ensure small pieces of ClimaLand source code work as intended before merging pull requests.

> and 3 GitHub actions folders. GitHub actions are `.yml` files, which are bash scripts that runs on a remote computer on each git push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and 3 GitHub actions folders. GitHub actions are `.yml` files that define workflows that are run at each pull request.
```
